Hi, my name is Ravi Vasudev Makhija, born in Edison, NJ, U.S.A., and I believe a transceiver or transceiver-like (possibly biological or based) entity was put in me (connected to my brain or nervous system) at some point in the past. I was unaware of this until later in life. 

One consequence of this is that I believe the thoughts which occur in my mind are transmitted somewhere and made available to someone or some people, where it is likely then decoded, perhaps as text, audio, or even video. It is likely that this has been going on for many years. For instance, if I "voice" a password in my mind as I'm logging in to an online service, the password would then be known to any person(s) with access to the transmitted signal and the means to decode it. This is just the tip of the iceberg of what could go wrong when people's minds are being read and when this is known assymetrically - meaning, only some subset of people would be aware of the mind reading and some other subset would have access to the data, while the persons whose minds are being read may be unaware. 

There might be other consequences. In particular, a second consequence I believe is that my thoughts could be affected by signals that are sent to this transceiver or transceiver-like entity in me, influencing my behavior. For instance, the signal may have directed my brain and/or nervous system to do something which I normally wouldn't do. 

I am typing this on Saturday, October 25, 2025, with my macbook and iPhone. This is the first time I am revealing this in a way that is accessible to the public. I was working at a large company where my title was data scientist (though I was coding quite a bit as well) up until 2019. At some point during that year, life as I knew it started to really fall apart. I left the apartment that I lived in on my own and moved back with family, eventually started dealing with things that negatively impacted my cognition, and stopped working for the most part, to provide some examples. Perhaps the information presented here will provide some explanation as to the cause of why my life took such a turn. 

There are many implications of this. Perhaps one day such technology would be commonplace. Today however, it is to my knowledge something which the majority of people on earth are unaware of happening. If such a technology is used on large scale while the signal is accessible only to some controlling group...
